fire
thousands of tons of dry grass is enough
to fuel of blazing inferno
but the flames can provide a feast
migrating San Martin's braved the smoke
to take advantage of the tiny insects
that flee the flames a welcomed windfall
to a bird on a thousand mile journey
from Africa to yours
this looks like devastation the grass
has been burnt away and so have the
seedling trees but because grasses store
energy underground in their roots within
days new sprouts push through the
fertile ash grass may be tough enough to
survive even the hottest fire but there
is one force of nature here that grass
cannot defend against it's an
extraordinary creature and it only comes
out at night
the hippopotamus has a mouth half a
meter wide built the devouring grass 40
kilograms in one city a fussy winter
you'd only like shortcrust which it
tears up with great lips
hippopotamus roamed for miles between
dusk and dawn in search of good grazing
but there's a limit to their range and
they must turn around and head back to
water before the Sun rises